CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to the Translator Testing Model schema

:+1: First of all: Thank you for taking the time to contribute!

The following is a set of guidelines for contributing to
Translator Testing Model. These guidelines are not strict rules.
Use your best judgment, and feel free to propose changes to this document
in a pull request.

## Table Of Contents

* [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
* [Guidelines for Contributions and Requests](#contributions)
  * [Reporting problems with the data model](#reporting-bugs)
  * [Requesting new terms](#requesting-terms)
  * [Adding new terms yourself](#adding-terms)
* [Best Practices](#best-practices)
  * [How to write a great issue](#great-issues)
  * [How to create a great pull/merge request](#great-pulls)

<a id="code-of-conduct"></a>

## Code of Conduct

The Translator Testing Model team strives to create a
welcoming environment for editors, users and other contributors.
Please carefully read our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

<a id="contributions"></a>

## Guidelines for Contributions and Requests

<a id="reporting-bugs"></a>

### Reporting problems with the data model

Please use our [Issue Tracker][issues] to report problems with the ontology.

<a id="requesting-terms"></a>

### Requesting new terms

Please use our [Issue Tracker][issues] to request a new term for the ontology.

<a id="adding-terms"></a>

### Adding new terms yourself

Please submit a [Pull Request][pulls] to submit a new term for consideration.

<a id="best-practices"></a>

## Best Practices

<a id="great-issues"></a>

### How to write a great issue

Please review GitHub's overview article,
["Tracking Your Work with Issues"][about-issues].

<a id="great-pulls"></a>

### How to create a great pull/merge request

Please review GitHub's article, ["About Pull Requests"][about-pulls],
and make your changes on a [new branch][about-branches].

[about-branches]: https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-branches
[about-issues]: https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/about-issues
[about-pulls]: https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests
[issues]: https://github.com/TranslatorSRI/TranslatorTestingModel/issues/
[pulls]: https://github.com/TranslatorSRI/TranslatorTestingModel/pulls/

Commit message:

Small documentation update - test_objective descriptions, CONTRIBUTORS.md and in the makefile 'help' (#32)
* Clarified descriptions for **`StandardsValidationTest`** and **`OneHopTest`** values to **`test_objective`** Enum

* clarifying project instructions (both in the CONTRIBUTING.md document and the **`makefile help`**)

* regenerated project artifacts

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to the Translator Testing Model schema

:+1: First of all: Thank you for taking the time to contribute!

The following is a set of guidelines for contributing to
Translator Testing Model. These guidelines are not strict rules.
Use your best judgment, and feel free to propose changes to this document
in a pull request.

## Table Of Contents

* [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
* [Guidelines for Contributions and Requests](#contributions)
  * [Reporting problems with the data model](#reporting-bugs)
  * [Requesting new terms](#requesting-terms)
  * [Adding new terms yourself](#adding-terms)
* [Best Practices](#best-practices)
  * [How to write a great issue](#great-issues)
  * [How to create a great pull/merge request](#great-pulls)

<a id="code-of-conduct"></a>

## Code of Conduct

The Translator Testing Model team strives to create a
welcoming environment for editors, users and other contributors.
Please carefully read our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

<a id="contributions"></a>

## Guidelines for Contributions and Requests

<a id="reporting-bugs"></a>

### Reporting problems with the data model

Please use our [Issue Tracker][issues] to report problems with the ontology.

<a id="requesting-terms"></a>

### Requesting new terms

Please use our [Issue Tracker][issues] to request a new term for the ontology.

<a id="adding-terms"></a>

### Adding new terms yourself

Please submit a [Pull Request][pulls] to submit a new term for consideration. Do do this, you (carefully!) modify the [translator_testing_model.yaml](src/translator_testing_model/schema/translator_testing_model.yaml) file, in accordance with LinkML data model encoding  principles, then run `make gen-project` - in a terminal session, inside the root project directory - to regenerate all the other related project artifacts.

<a id="best-practices"></a>

## Best Practices

<a id="great-issues"></a>

### How to write a great issue

Please review GitHub's overview article,
["Tracking Your Work with Issues"][about-issues].

<a id="great-pulls"></a>

### How to create a great pull/merge request

Please review GitHub's article, ["About Pull Requests"][about-pulls],
and make your changes on a [new branch][about-branches].

[about-branches]: https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-branches
[about-issues]: https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/about-issues
[about-pulls]: https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests
[issues]: https://github.com/TranslatorSRI/TranslatorTestingModel/issues/
[pulls]: https://github.com/TranslatorSRI/TranslatorTestingModel/pulls/
